EXPERTISE OF EMPOWER EDUVENTURES
EMPOWER EDUVENTURES strength is its strong team of academicians, professionals and support staff and unparalleled academic/faculty members. The faculty is all dedicated, trained, full time and highly qualified with qualifications ranging from M.Sc., M.Phil. B.Tech, B.E from various prestigious institutions all over India. The faculty’s round the year involvement in content delivery, research for further developments, guiding and counselling students for various competitive exams and challenges.
EMPOWER ensures that every faculty undergoes rigorous planning before taking up class room teaching to deliver the best from their end and continuous refreshment courses are always the continuous process in its curriculum to ensure the uncompromised and best delivery for the requirements of the young and achieving minds.
BENEFIT TO THE STUDENTS AND THE SCHOOL
THE WINNING METHODOLOGY:
Our methodology makes students capable of creatively resolving complex, tricky problems by improving and sharpening their analytical skills and parallel thinking processes. The I.Q. of the student which thus gets developed will set the student on the path of success in his/her academic life and beyond. We develop and share the right strategies from time to time to optimize student’s output. Through “EXCELLENCY POTENTIAL INDEX”(E.P.I.) the student consistently strives to excel.
THE SURE SUCCESS APPROACH
Even though the programs aim at engineering entrance exams like IITJEE, NEET, Students prepare comprehensively for all important engineering & medical entrance examinations including state entrance exams etc, too.
Our specialized research and development team works round the clock to ensure that our teaching methodology, study material and course structure is finely in line with the changing examination patterns and methodology. This committed, talented team keeps a keen eye on the latest trends and developments in various competitive examinations and swiftly incorporates them in the course curriculum.
ACADEMIC EVALUTION SYSTEMS
EXCELLENCY POTENTIAL INDEX(E.P.I.)
On the basis of every test conducted by EMPOWER as soon as the first examination is evaluated every student is allotted an assessment of his/her “E.P.I.” in various areas
required for success in examinations. Thereafter, in every stage of the course conduction at regular intervals by means of weekend examinations counselling, assignments evaluations, and workshops his/her “E.P.I.” is regularly modified based on performance in the above said areas and every student is properly guided from time to time in achieving the required efficiency rating indexes thus resulting in a thorough analysis and monitoring of individual progress and potential.
He/ she is also assessed for time management abilities, stress management abilities, and self-confidence levels at every stage of the course curriculum thus helping the individual to be totally prepared for the competitive exams as well as competent life in his/her future.
EXPOSURE TO THE COMPETITIVE ENVIRONMENT
(A) WEEK END TESTS:-These tests are conducted every week in the style and pattern of competitive exams thus making the student gain more acquaintance with the levels of difficulty and overcome the examination blues thus enabling to feel at ease at the time of finale.
(B) The answer sheets of individual student is analyzed carefully for the factors like number of questions unanswered, the number of questions answered wrongly, etc.. and the analysis is used effectively in identifying the strengths and weaknesses in concerns of concentrate on the required areas.
(C) PHASE END TESTS:- The complete syllabus is divided into phases comprising of 4-6 chapters in each phase spanning nearly 2-3 months of teaching per each phase, and after the end of every phase a test is conducted separately on the whole syllabus of the phase so that the student is expected to revise and practice relevant phase syllabus in detail after 4-6 chapters once so that he/she is always remains thoroughly prepared.
(D) GRAND TESTS:- These are the mock tests conducted after the completion of syllabus as per the /JEE/NEET pattern under exam conditions. A few practice tests are given to the students to attempt at home also. All answer sheets of such tests are evaluated carefully and thorough analysis is handed over to the student with remarks.
A student in the above course programme will get an overall integrated approach to their preparation for success in board exams competitive exams like IITJEE,NEET. The teaching methodology course curriculum study material will dovetail all students requirements appropriately. At EMPOWER you will find a very powerful system that can help students unfold their full potential, systematically.